/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/host.json
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.deps.json
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.pdb
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Core.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.Policy.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.WebApiCompatShim.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Azure.Functions.Extensions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.Http.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.Storage.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Build.Framework.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Build.Utilities.Core.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Http.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Configuration.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/NCrontab.Signed.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/runtimes/unix/lib/netstandard1.3/System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/runtimes/win/lib/netstandard1.3/System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.AssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.csproj.CopyComplete
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/DotNet/AuthorizeAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.pdb
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/host.json
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.deps.json
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.pdb
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Core.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.Policy.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.WebApiCompatShim.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Azure.Functions.Extensions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.Http.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.Storage.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Build.Framework.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Build.Utilities.Core.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Http.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Configuration.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/NCrontab.Signed.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/runtimes/unix/lib/netstandard1.3/System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/bin/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/bin/runtimes/win/lib/netstandard1.3/System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.AssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.csproj.CopyComplete
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.dll
/Users/sahilmalik/Documents/Developer/Functions/AzureFunctionsAADDotnet/2. FunctionAttribute/obj/Debug/netcoreapp2.1/DotNetAuthorizeFunction.pdb
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\host.json
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\local.settings.json
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetAuthorizeFunction.deps.json
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\DotNetAuthorizeFunction.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetAuthorizeFunction.pdb
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Core.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.Policy.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.WebApiCompatShim.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Functions.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.Http.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.Storage.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Build.Framework.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Build.Utilities.Core.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Http.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\NCrontab.Signed.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\runtimes\unix\lib\netstandard1.3\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\bin\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard1.3\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetAuthorizeFunction.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetAuthorizeFunction.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetAuthorizeFunction.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetAuthorizeFunction.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetAuthorizeFunction.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetAuthorizeFunction.dll
c:\Users\t-jedela\Documents\git\AzureFunctionsAADDotNet\2. FunctionAttribute\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotNetAuthorizeFunction.pdb
